Hgg subtype update: Adding tp53 status (#943)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis: analyses/molecular-subtyping-HGG/10-HGG-TP53-annotation.Rmd

---
title: "TP53 annotation for HGG"
output: html_notebook
---

> In this notebook we will annotate HGG samples with TP53 status we obtained from snv/cnv and tp53 loss classifier. We belive TP53 annotation will add useful information to the current known subtypes as we see Tp53 mutated co-occuring with H3 mutations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this notebook we will annotate HGG samples with TP53 status we obtained from snv/cnv and TP53 classifier. We believe TP53 annotation will add useful information to the current known subtypes as we see TP53 mutations co-occurring with H3 mutations.
```
